hi we are here again and may
record this week
So we'll start our ideas.
for the total is that it's coming Christmas
and today I'm going to show you how
do that he in daddy's slipper
Noel and liam for hanging matters to decorate
the house do what you want
that I tried on the wall let's give a
Look at you is the idea that the
my house I'm still decorating then
I did not want to put the abortion in the moment anymore.
there
I put it here for you to see if you
Wonder how it went? Continue
watching if it to the end
it's good
and come with me
so we're going to need this link
materials
first you will need
of the scissors
You too, can you?
needing ribbons
You can use green yellow the color you
you want
so I have here that is several colors
together I think it's really cool that it goes
to flicker
Then you need glue too.
hot
Sure or glue cloth I'd rather put
hot glue because the flat glue that I
It's been a while since it took so long to dry and then
back to the same hot glue area
there you will also need a
as this template is making available
for you guys and favela arts fan page
How beautiful, it's good, you can be
taking it or if you have
ability to draw you may be
designing right there is what I already cut
I already passed the filter will give the name
of the following red color filters
black and white is that I already
I cut off the traffic command
you need two units of the
front brings here like there was no other
white I cut a piece of fabric
Same white right in two units
here I cut two floods to make a
black santa's belt and here I
I cut a yellow square that I doubled
that's how I got rid of the daughter
it was with such openness to
put it like this and made a little ball for
put in the middle of the belt certain tone
let the good people will here we go
do the following, we'll just
pass for granted
and let's paste
here I have already put now just take the
excess of the column to give a better
finishing
iaaf has already formed a half-dozen
fully enclosed
both we'll be picking em up
tim and we'll be sticking here
and it's like this part we go all
soft back and stayed that way
now we'll be taking this part
and we will be gluing centralizing to the
Do not just put
and stayed like this
now we'll have a necklace the part of
up from here is that we
Let's do this, let's put it a lot.
Colo up let's fix let's turn and
Let's fit the equal part to
put another side then pass
pretty place
and let's put it this way
remembering that from above always
open to form a little shoe
Now just paste but the little ribbon here to
we are pindorama
As I said, I'll be using a
little piece of this one was colorful
I just screamed that the dots
I'll paste mussak inside.
Good people are ready now.
stocking Santa's little foot right
here I put it on the wall for you
view but you can
to go anywhere that you
want but the same model is that of
hang on the door
It's good and it was exactly like that both
sides and decorated and here you are feeling
that part alone in the sock like you
you know and I put on a
antón to give the impression of
that the shoe is full that there is something
Inside, I hope you have.
Do you like it or do not forget to
I click I like sharing this idea
With your friends, stay with God.
until the next video write on the channel has
people to